-*- Text -*-

See http://www.cliki.net/TODO%20List for features

Look at the source for XXX ("fix me eventually") and TODO ("fix me soon")
comments for things to do in support of those features.  You can use
the supplied Perl script to do this for you: "perl make-TODO.pl *.lisp"

view-recent-changes has calls to cliki:dayname that prolly ought to
use net.telent.date

We need to be able to edit a page's aliases, which involves UI design
of some kind.  Another box on the edit page?

Now we have some versioning support, but more features necessary
 - show diffs to/from other versions: needs UI thought
 - support "keep only n versions"

Tighten up username cookies: send the user a cookie which has their
name /and/ some opaque data that we can compare to.  Save whole thing
in Recent Changes, so they can't fake someone else's username to
overwrite their change.

handle the cliki-page-save-rejected signals somewhere, in a way that
will make the text show up in the browser window, not the error log.

Can we make *(Delete this page) do more to make a page look deleted?
Hard to say what exactly, though: if it's not got any links and stuff
it should be mostly inaccessible other than from Recent Changes.
Could lose it from admin/all-pages, I suppose

refuse to accept edits when the body is entirely empty (seems to be a
problem sometimes possibly with buggy browsers or mod_proxy)

html entity escaping when editing in a textarea

when a page is created, links to it from other pages probbaly aren't
noted because the Last-modified on the other pages doesn't change -
hence mod_proxy will serve the old version.  bypassing the proxy will
cause the change to be noted

when a page is created, it doesn't know about the existing pages that
link to it.  the index protocol thing will manage outgoing links ok,
but there's nothing to scan the rest of the repository for incoming
links.  (Is this also a problem at page load?  if a->b and a is loaded
before b exists, do we lose the backlink?)



* CLiki
** topic synonyms, UI for

these would be really good for using cliki as backend half of a
brainstorming tool, where having to stop and think about what a page
should be called inhibits the creative flow, and we'd rather just give
it some arbitrary unique name and let people assign user-visible
titles later.  Need UI for titles ...

If titles can be changed, and if titles are exposed in URLs (I think
they should be), we have that whole urls-should-persist issue to deal
with.  Might just punt on this by telling people to be careful, though.

** read-only/authenticated version
  - some of this is done for entomotomy already
  - add some kind of acl to each page, inheriting sensibly from, um,
     some other page (what other page?)
  - access rights are :view, :edit, :comment  (append-only)

so, authentication and authorization handlers on the edit-handler.
But we don't bother authenticating if the page access perms say that 
anybody may edit

groups:
- anonymous user
- any named user
- a user
- recursively, a list of groups

somewhere we need to store the edit permissions per-page.
persistently, yes.  I guess we could put them in the .titles files.
we also need to store the user group data 

somehow we need a policy for edit perms on new pages

ideally also we need a UI for changing it.

** Can we use cliki as a photo manager?

- "photo" pages: one picture and some text
- "collection" pages: text and many half-sized photos being links to 
  the relevant photo pages
- some convenience for page naming when uploading a whole collection
- convenient internal anchor syntax for collection pages (then it
  could be used as a diary): should also accept a human-readable title
  so that collections can have associated rdf files

** what about TODO lists

requirements: 
represent "w depends on z"
generate list of stuff in which each item is represented
this would be useful stuff for entomotomy too, actually.

